Actual DNI --
  Basic Common Sense. No proshippers I will put you in the MEAT GRINDER I am so deadass. It's on sight
  not a DNI but i wouldn't recommend interacting with me if you are against odd LGBTQ+ labels (like turigirls and lesboys or whatever they're called) LOLL i personally don't care for labels. i am a lesbian. i am a gay man. god hates me

totally legit not shitposting dni --
  dni People who only talk about the price of pokemon cards when the TCG is brought up
  dni If you take me talking about pokemon sentience and immediately turn it into sex talk
  dni primarina haters
  actually dni if you think any non-masculine starters deserve the hate they get (chikorita, quaxly, ect)
  dni necrozma haters
  dni toxic yuri/yaoi likers
  dni if you believe in ENA - Temptation Stairway, ENA's blue half fading temporarily was her own wish despite the fact that she never actually reached the Great Runas, only making it to the hallway leading up to the Great Runas before she was stopped
  dni supercyan toxic yuri
  dni horse race tests fans who shove "all the horses are girls" down everyone's throat
  if you're part of the group that made SnakesAndrews apologize for making the horses he/himmers dni too btw
  dni anime girl truthers too btw
  dni "body snatcher ena theory"ers actually. Blue/yellow ENA emotional manipulation bodysnatcher theory actually pisses me off so bad
  dni if you make your PBJs jelly first unless your sibling has a peanut allergy
  DNI naked ralsei theory deniers
  dni cucumber flavored gatorade haters
  dni powerade enjoyers
  dni ponytown players
  dni github users
  dni if. uh... i forgot.......... oh god i cant remember......
  dni if you think mint chocolate tastes like toothpaste no it DOESNT. it FUCKING DOESNT OKAY. DONT EVEN BRING IT UP. IT DOES NOT TASTE LIKE TOOTHPASTE HAVE YOU EVER TASTED TOOTHPASTE BEFORE. ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS. IT DOESNT TASTE LIKE IT have you ever even TASTED MINT CHOCOLATE BEFORE ????? have you tasted the SWEET LOVELY TASTE of THIN MINTS girlscout cookies. Is your life that full of hatred, so full of rage that you can't even feel the joy of a Girl Scouts Thinmint cookie? Of mint chocolate ice cream? Are you fucking serious. dni ong dnt pmo bro lik sybau
  dni people who type too much
  dni if you don't push your chair back in when you get up
  5
  ddddddni if you have a                        stutter
  dni if you repeat things
  dni if you're above the age of 2
  dni if you specifically use ._.
  seconding the dni above. that face fills me with pure rage. pure hatred
  dnfi if you fucking sound like you were written by that bitch vivziepop. fuck
  dni if you think the color pink wasn't made up by the government to sell more genders
  dni if it is 4:57 Pst on Wednesday
  dni if you don't make an animal sound when said animal's name is said. ever
  gurt: yo
  dni gurt im trying to write here
  gurt: oh... okay....
  dni if you AREN'T the original                                      Starwalker
  15
  dni if you reach over people to type on their computer without asking first JUST to type numbers
  dni if you have perfect 20/20 vision. what the fuck are you looking at that you need to see that well. I Do Not Trust You.
  dni if you eat carrots. Same reason. Unless you are a horse, in which you get a pass.
  dni if you think the pokemon games are bad because their graphics aren't realistic enough
  dni if you draw that STUPID waffle smile
  dni if you don't have the attention span to sit through this video: reminder to put samuel here
  DNI если вы говорите по-английски.
  DNI people who weren't there for mercedes benz ralsei
  dni if you repeat things
  dni APPLE HATERS
  dni if you didnt watch Magi-Nation on the nabi Jr
  dni if you play animal crossing only for the asthetic. also dni if you kick out "ugly villagers" i hate you
  dni if you weren't there when ENA first came out and people drew Moony as a big beautiful butch goth lesbian on instagram
  dni if you repeat things
  dni Pink Lumen bootlickers. stop cocksucking him dude he only likes it when minors do that
  dni Black Butler fans UNLESS you are a pretty trans woman who only likes one specific character
  dni sofia the first fans for the exact same reason
  dni if you never had a crush on a character from Pokemon as a kid
  dni Gen 7/Alola/SunMoon/UltraSunUltraMoon haters
  dni if you think Necrozma was evil
  dni if you
  dni if you don't know what pushmo is
  dni if you never played the streetpass racing minigame Slot Car Rivals
  dni if you didn't like Nintendo Badge Arcade
